hi thanks for watching my channel what
we're going to do right now is spicy
tuna roll
very popular on every session while
writing these days we're gonna first we
have cucumber avocado that we're gonna
need and we're gonna make our spicy tuna
and then I'm gonna show you how and we
have water to put it on our hands to be
able to get the rice then a little rice
make a shape of a tamale in an oval
shape then we have our toasted seaweed
yeah nori and we're gonna have to spread
the rice first on the one leg then you
know more water if you need it you can
go just down this way
and spread the rice all over to see I'm
going to put the leader of other sesame
seeds if you like the black ones go put
some of the flowers too
I just don't like them because they have
the burnt flavor in the trick here is we
have a wet towel then we're gonna wet
the cardboard a little bit so the rice
won't stick in the cutting board with a
couple of avocado slices a couple of
cucumber slices take about any pages
your one course then we're gonna do our
spicy tuna it's spicy too this tuna it's
chopped verified then we're gonna mix it
with some of the sauce the Vietnamese
sauce you know teaspoon of Vietnamese
sauce the one with seeds you can find
this in almost every grocery store these
days and with like same amount of Sri
Racha very popular too
their chili oil the sesame chili oils
very good in kind of hot
to give someone a good flavor to it we
put like little half a teaspoon on it
then it's always gonna need it we mix it
very well if you want a little harder
fortunately put a little more chili oil
some lighter flavor and spices it makes
it very well thanks for your patient all
right then okay and then there's any
power spicy too
sorry for the noise we put some enough
amount so we can be able to roll it to
roll it you're gonna take the edge with
these two fingers if I'm gonna figure of
course and your fingers in it this way
you push with these fingers you push all
this 2:19 then roll it first you're
gonna the first age you're gonna make
sure because right before the other age
so when you roll it these will hold it
in not too often okay we have we'd roll
it already and then we're gonna get a
little plastic wrap so the bamboo
doesn't stick to it you can find this
almost in every grocery store right now
I'll find it online so we're gonna push
one of the corners first same with the
other side yeah it's right in the middle
another middle who put the finger in the
middle and the two corners with this too
likely to perish not right in the middle
because you're gonna push everything
else this way and we have it nice and
square to slice it you put some water in
your knife go all over the late so the
blade is wet and slice it on the middle
the water is for prevent the rice to
stick to your knife slice in the middle
and slice the middle of the other half
and you can just keep going that way and
you can have a a equal slices
see how beautiful came out all right
nice equal a pieces and you can put on a
nice play in decorated the way you
wanted thank you so much for watching
this video